Add NSX-T Firewall Group Support (Security Groups and IP Sets) (#368)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: CHANGELOG.md

* Added method `vdc.QueryEdgeGateway` [#364](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/364)
* Deprecated `vdc.GetEdgeGatewayRecordsType` [#364](https://github.com/vmware/go-vcloud-director/pull/364)

> * Added NSX-T Firewall Group (Security Groups and IP Set) support by using structures

Reviewer: Suggesting below just because I got puzzled by the meaning of it all the way until I reached the very last file in the PR 😄 

```suggestion
* Added NSX-T Firewall Group type (which represents a Security Group or an IP Set) support by using structures
```

Author: Changed

  structures `NsxtFirewallGroup` and `NsxtFirewallGroupMemberVms`. The following methods are

>   introduced for managing Security Groups and IpP Sets: `Vdc.CreateNsxtFirewallGroup`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  introduced for managing Security Groups and IP Sets: `Vdc.CreateNsxtFirewallGroup`,
```
